Feature/webpage tools v1.8.4 (#71)
abletech/addressfinder-magento: DEVELOPMENT.md

## Testing

We test the plugin by using docker images for Magento 2. We install the plugin inside this test store.

1. Clone the image for the version of Magento you want to use

    For Magento 2.3

   `git clone --branch 2.3 git@github.com:AbleTech/docker-magento2.git docker-magento-2.3 && cd docker-magento-2.3`

    For Magento 2.2

   `git clone --branch 2.2 git@github.com:AbleTech/docker-magento2.git docker-magento-2.2 && cd docker-magento-2.2`

    For Magento 2.1

   `git clone --branch 2.1 git@github.com:AbleTech/docker-magento2.git docker-magento-2.1 && cd docker-magento-2.1`

2. `docker-compose up`

2. Install Magento. In a new tab run:
 `docker-compose exec web install-magento`

> 3. In a new tab, edit your host file to redirect localhost to local.magento

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In a new tab, edit your `hosts` file to declare `local.magento` as local. 
```
